docs: update `CONTRIBUTING.md` and PR template (#217)
spaceandtimelabs/sxt-proof-of-sql: .github/pull_request_template.md

2. Serve as another way to document the expected behavior of the code

If tests are not included in your PR, please explain why (for example, are they covered by existing tests)?

> 
> Please make sure to [delete the branch and close all related issues](https://github.com/spaceandtimelabs/sxt-proof-of-sql/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#delete-merged-branch-and-check-related-issues) after the merge is done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please be sure to look over the pull request guidelines here: https://github.com/spaceandtimelabs/sxt-proof-of-sql/blob/docs/new-intro/CONTRIBUTING.md#submit-pr.
```

Actually.... put it at the very top, outside of comments.
